Astro CLI 1.12 release notes (#2038)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/release-notes.md

This document provides a summary of all changes made to the [Astro CLI](cli/overview.md). For general product release notes, go to [Astro Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, contact [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support).

## Astro CLI 1.12.0

Release date: March 21, 2023

### Additional improvements

- You can now expose your local Airflow webserver and postgres database to all networks you're connected to using the following command:

    ```sh
    astro config set airflow.expose_port true
    ```

> - When you trigger a DAG deploy to Astro, the CLI now includes the name of the DAG bundle version that it pushed. You can use this name to verify that your Deployment is running the correct version of your DAGs after a deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you trigger a DAG deploy to Astro, the CLI now includes the name of the DAG bundle version that it pushed. You can use this name to verify that your Deployment uses the correct version of your DAGs after a deploy.
```

- If you add the environment variable `ASTRO_API_TOKEN=<workspace-api-token>` to your environment, the Astro CLI will use the specified Workspace API token to perform Workspace and Deployment actions without requiring you to log in. 
- You can now disable [`astro run`](cli/astro-run.md) commands and exclude `astro-run-dag` from any images built by the CLI using the following command:

    ```sh
    astro config set disable_astro_run true
    ```
  
- In new Astro projects, `requirements.txt` now includes a commented list of the pre-installed provider packages on Astro Runtime. 

### Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue where the default DAG integrity test would sometimes generate an error for valid uses of `os.getenv(key,default)`.

> - Fixed a few bugs in the default Astro project DAGs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bugs in the default Astro project DAGs.
```
